Don't brag.
We are using legal means
You're good at fighting, so what?
Even if you kill me
You can't save this situation today, right?
I tell you Chen Xiaodao
Not just the Sun Group
As long as it is everyone related to you
I won't let it go
I want you to know that you don't have the status of starting a family
A whistle means nothing.
Sure enough, it was aimed at me
But just you two little mobs
I don't need the face of the Chen family to deal with you
Wife
Believe it or not, I will snatch the Sun Group back, I believe
Hahahaha
Chen Xiaotao, you are really shameless
You are now a stinky loser who eats soft food
Why take back the Chen Group?
You really are over your head.
You know our Kyoto Zhao family
You can be trampled to death by stomping your feet
Your Zhao Group will soon be nothing
If you are interested
Please be patient.
I invite everyone to watch a good show
Chen Xiaodao, are you crazy?
Even if you use the power of the Chen family now
It can't shake the foundation of my Zhao family
Not to mention
My Zhao family is the leading conglomerate in the country
Taxes are paid to the state every year
The number of jobs solved is unimaginable
It's not that I scare you
The country will not let my Zhao family fall
It's useless for you to say anything.
The Zhao Group will soon go bankrupt
Believe me, we'll see.